#summary Explanation of all current inxi options. See inxi_usage for how to use these options in various clients, irc etc.
=Inxi Options=
Inxi has a wide range of options and custom triggers, along with useful defaults like -b or -F. Plain inxi, no options, prints a single line of basic system information.

Here is a screenshot of typical output for inxi -Fz (-z filters certain output like IP numbers and Mac address of network card, things that don't need to be publically displayed for security reasons). The display output has changed slightly as of 1.7.x:

[http://inxi.googlecode.com/ http://smxi.org/img/screenshots/inxi-Fz-1.5.7.png]

==Full List of Inxi Options==
 * inxi supports the following options. These options are included as of inxi 2.2.20. Earlier versions may not have every option. You can combine these options, or list them one by one: Examples: inxi -v4 -c6 OR inxi -bDc 6

 * If you start inxi with no arguments, it will show the short form. The following options if used without -b, -F or -v  + number will show just that complete line:
   * A, C, D, G, I, M, N, P, R, S, f, i, n, o, p, l, u, r, s, t, w, W - you can use these together or alone to show just the line(s) you want to see.
   * If you use them with either a -v + level, a -b, or with -F, it will show the full output for that line along with the output for the chosen verbosity level.
   * NOTE: as of version 1.6.5, the old basic output option -d was changed to -b, for basic. -d is now used for the extended disk option, showing cdrom/dvd information as well.

 * Output Control Options:
  * -A  Show Audio/sound card information.
  * -b  Shows basic (b for basic - version 1.7.5 or later. Earlier versions used: -d) output, short form. Similar to inxi -v 2. Shows -S -M  -C -G -N -D and -R (short forms), and -I. -R does not show if no raid devices found.
  * -c  Available color schemes. Scheme number is required. Color selectors run a color selector option prior to inxi starting which lets you set the config file value for the selection.
    * Supported color schemes: 0-32 Example: inxi -c 11 
      * Note: if you want to turn off all script colors, use -c 0 This is useful if you are for example piping output and don't want the color code characters.
    * Supported color selectors. NOTE: irc and global only show safe color set. (version 1.5.x or later only)
      * 94 - Console, out of X
      * 95 - Terminal, running in X - like xTerm
      * 96 - Gui IRC, running in X - like Xchat, Quassel, Konversation etc.
      * 97 - Console IRC running in X - like irssi in xTerm
      * 98 - Console IRC not in  X
      * 99 - Global - Overrides/removes all settings. Setting specific removes global.
  * -C  Show full CPU output, including per CPU clockspeed.
  * -D  Show full hard Disk info, not only model, ie: /dev/sda ST380817AS 80.0GB.
  * -f  Show all cpu flags used, not just the short list. Not shown with -F to avoid spamming.
  * -F  Show Fuller output for inxi, includes all upper case line arguments, plus -n and -s. Does not show extra verbose options like -d -f -u -l -p  -t or -o unless you add them explicitly, for example: -Fplo
  * -G  Show Graphic card information (card, x type, resolution, version). Also shows glx renderer, card pci busID with -x. Shows active/unloaded/failed driver versions (1.5.x or later)
  * -i  Show Wan IP address, and shows local interfaces (requires ifconfig network tool). Same as -Nni
        * If you are going to use this for public posting of  your data, consider running it with the -z option for filtering. IRC filters by default. 
  * -I (upper case i) Show Information: processes, uptime, memory, irc client, inxi version.
  * -l (lower case l, el) Show partition labels. Default: short partition -P. For full -p output, use: -pl (or -plu).
  * -M  Show machine data. Motherboard, Bios, and if present, System Builder (Like Lenovo) (version 1.6.x and later). Older systems/kernels without the required /sys data can use dmidecode instead, run as root. -! 33 forces use of dmidecode, which might be of some utility in certain fringe cases where dmidecode has more data than /sys.
  * -n  Show Advanced Network card information. Same as -Nn. Shows interface, speed, mac id, state (version 1.5.x and later).
  * -N  Show Network card information. Shows card and driver. Includes support for USB networking devices. Also shows busID/USB-ID, ports, driver version with -x
  * -o  Show unmounted partition information (includes UUID and LABEL if available).
        * Shows file system type if you have file installed, if you are root OR if you have added to /etc/sudoers (sudo v. 1.7 or newer): 
              * < username > ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/file (sample)
  * -p  Show full partition information (-P plus all other detected partitions).
  * -P  Show Partition information (shows what -v 4 would show, but without extra data).
    * Shows, if detected: / /boot /home /tmp /usr /var. Use -p to see all mounted partitions.
  * -r  Show distro repository data. Currently supported repo types: 
        * APT (Debian, Ubuntu + derived versions)
        * PACMAN (Arch Linux + derived versions)
        * PISI (Pardus + derived versions)
        * URPMQ (Mandriva, Mageia + derived versions)
        * YUM. (Fedora, Redhat, maybe Suse + derived versions)
        * (as distro data is collected more will be added. If your's is missing please show us how to get this information and we'll try to add it.)
  * -R  Show RAID data. Shows RAID devices, states, levels, and components, and extra data with -x/-xx. If device is resyncing, shows resync progress line as well.
  * -s  Show sensors output (if sensors installed/configured): mobo/cpu/gpu temp; detected fan speeds.
    * Gpu temp only for Fglrx/Nvidia drivers. Nvidia shows screen number for > 1 screens
  * -S  Show System information: host name, kernel, desktop, desktop version (plus toolkit if -x used), distro (desktop features, version 1.5.x or later)
  * -t  Show processes. Requires extra options: c (cpu) m (memory) cm (cpu+memory). 
        * If followed by numbers 1-20, shows that number of top process for each selection (default: 5): 
        * Examples: 
             * -t cm10 (shows top 10 cpu and memory processes, 20 in all)
             * -t c (shows top 5 cpu processes)
             * -t m20 (shows top 20 memory processes)
             * -t cm (shows top 5 cpu and memory processes, 10 in all)
        * Make sure to have no space between letters and numbers (cm10 -right, cm 10 - wrong).
  * -u  Show partition UUIDs. Default: short partition -P. For full -p output, use: -pu (or -plu).
  * -v  Script verbosity levels. Verbosity level number is required. Note: do not mix -v options with -b or -F, use one or the other.
    * Supported levels: 0-7 Example: inxi -v 4
      * 0 - short output, same as: inxi
      * 1 - Basic verbose. Roughly the same as the old -d, 
      * 2 - Adds networking card (-N), Machine (-M) data, and shows basic hard disk data (names only), and basic raid (devices only, and if inactive, notes that). Similar to inxi -b
      * 3 - Adds advanced CPU (-C), network (-n) data, and switches on -x advanced data option.
      * 4 - Adds partition size/filled data (-P) for (if present):/, /home, /var/, /boot. Shows full disk data (-D)
      * 5 - Adds audio card (-A); sensors (-s), partition label (-l) and UUID (-u), short form of optical drives, and standard raid data (-R).
      * 6 - Adds full partition data (-p), unmounted partition data (-o), -d full disk data, including CD/DVD information.
      * 7 - Adds network IP data (-i); triggers -xx.
  * -w  Local weather data/time. To check an alternate location, see: -W [location]. For extra weather data options see -x, -xx, and -xxx.
  * -W  [location] - [location] supported options: postal code; city,[state/country]; latitude,longitude. Only use if you want the weather somewhere other than the machine running inxi. Use only ascii characters, replace spaces in city/state/country names with +: new+york,ny
  * -x  Show extra data: 
      * -C - Bogomips on Cpu; CPU flags short list
      * -d - Shows more information if present on cd/dvd devices.
       * -D - Shows hdd temp with disk data if you have hddtemp installed, if you are root OR if you have added to /etc/sudoers (sudo v. 1.7 or newer): 
           * < username > ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/sbin/hddtemp (sample)
      * -G - Direct rendering status for Graphics (in X). Only works with verbose or line output;
      * -G - Shows (for single gpu, nvidia driver) screen number gpu is running on.
      * -i - Show IPv6 as well for LAN interface (IF) devices.
      * -I - Show system GCC, default. With -xx, also show other installed GCC versions. Show Init type, if detected, like systemd, Upstart, SysVinit, init (bsd), Epoch, runit. Show runlevel/target if present.
      * -N, -A - driver version (if available) for Network/Audio;
      * -N, -A - Shows port for card/device, if available.
      * -N -A -G - Shows pci Bus ID / Usb ID for Audio, Network, Graphics
      * -R - Shows component raid id. Adds second RAID Info line: raid level; report on drives (like 5/5); blocks; chunk size; bitmap (if present). Resync line, shows blocks synced/total blocks.
      * -S - Shows toolkit (QT or GTK) if GNOME, KDE, or XFCE. Shows kernel gcc version. 
      * -t - Adds memory use output to cpu (-xt c, and cpu use to memory (-xt m).
      * -w/-W - Wind speed and time zone (time zone, -w only).
  * -xx Show extra, extra data (only works with verbose or line output, not short form). You can also trigger it with -Fx (but not -xF) (Version 1.6.x and later)
     * -D - Adds disk serial number.
     * -I - Adds other detected installed gcc versions to primary gcc output (if present). Shows init type version if found, and default runlevel/target if found.
     * -M - Adds chassis information, if any data for that is available.
     * -N -A -G - Shows vendor:product ID for Audio, Network, Graphics
     * -R - Adds superblock (if present); algorythm, U data. Adds system info line (kernel support, read ahead, raid events). Adds if present, unused device line. Resync line, shows progress bar. 
     *  -w/-W - Humidity, barometric pressure.
     * -xx -@ [11-14] - Automatically uploads debugger data tar.gz file to ftp.techpatterns.com.
  * -xxx Show extra, extra, extra data (only works with verbose or line output, not short form):
     * -S - Panel/shell information in desktop output, if in X (like gnome-shell, cinnamon, mate-panel).
     * -w/-W - Location (uses -z/irc filter), weather observation time, wind chill, heat index, dew point (shows extra lines for data where relevant).
  * -y (plus integer >= 80) This  is  an  absolute  width  override  which  sets  the  output line width max. Overrides COLS_MAX_IRC / COLS_MAX_CONSOLE globals, or the actual widths of the terminal. If used with -h or -c 94-99, put -y option first  or  the  override  will  be  ignored.  Cannot  be used with --help / --version / --recommends type long options. Example: inxi -y 130 -Fxx
  * -z Adds security filters for IP addresses, Mac, and user home directory name. Default on for irc clients.
  * -Z  Absolute override for output filters. Useful for debugging networking issues in irc for example.

 * Additional Options:
  * -h, --help This help menu.
  * -H - This help menu, plus developer options. Do not use dev options in normal operation!
  * --recommends  Checks inxi application dependencies + recommends, and directories, then shows what package(s) you need to install to add support for that feature (version 1.6.6 and later).
  * -U  Auto-update script. Note: if you installed as root, you must be root to update, otherwise user is fine.
  * -V, --version  inxi version information. Prints information then exits.
  * -%  Overrides defective or corrupted data.
  * -@  Triggers debugger output. Requires debugging level 1-13 (8-10 - logging).   Less than 8 just triggers inxi debugger output on screen. 
    * 1-7 - On screen debugger output
    * 8 - Basic logging
    * 9 - Full file/sys info logging
    * 10 - Color logging.
    * The following create a tar.gz file of system data, plus collecting the inxi output to file. To automatically upload debugger data tar.gz file to ftp.techpatterns.com: inxi -xx@ [11-14] For alternate ftp upload locations: Example: inxi -! ftp.yourserver.com/incoming -xx@ 14
      * 11 - With data file of xiin read of /sys.
      * 12 - With xorg conf and log data, xrandr, xprop, xdpyinfo, glxinfo etc.
      * 13 - With data from dev, disks, partitions etc.
      * 14 - Everything, all the data available.
  * -! 31 - Turns off hostname in output. Useful if showing output from servers etc.
  * -! 32 - Turns on hostname in output. Overrides global B_SHOW_HOST='false'
  * -! 33 - Force use of dmidecode. This will override /sys data in some lines, like -M.
----
To go to wiki list try clicking
[http://code.google.com/p/inxi/w/list here]