#summary List of recommended applications for full feature support in inxi. See Dependencies for required application list.

----
  * *RECOMMENDS* (Needed to run certain features, listed by option)
----

Package names in (...) are the Debian Squeeze package name. Check your distro for proper package name by doing this: which -application- then find what package owns that application file.

Please check the inxi top comment header for the latest Depends/Recommends listing, it should always be up to date, unlike this wiki page.

Note that all graphics packages previously labeled Depends have been made Recommends because inxi should be able to run on headless or X-less systems, as a system utility. Distro maintainers can decide what they want to do with the X utilities, if it's possible to test if X packages are installed, and if so, install these Recommends as Dependencies, that would be ideal.

As of version 1.6.6, you can run the start option --recommends which will print out all dependencies and recommends, along with some other information, then tell you which package you need to install to add that feature.

----

     * -A, -N - for output of usb audio/network card information: lsusb (usbutils)
     * -Ax - for audio module version: modinfo (module-init-tools)
     * -Dx - for hdd temp output (root only default): hddtemp (hddtemp)
     * -S - for detecting running desktop: xprop (X11-utils)
     For user level hdd temp output: sudo (sudo)

     Note: requires user action for this feature to run as user (edit /etc/sudoers file)
     * -G - full graphics output requires:  
         * glxinfo (mesa-utils)
         * xdpyinfo (x11-utils)
         * xrandr (x11-xserver-utils)
     * -i - IP information, local/wan - ip (iproute) (previous to 1.7.8, inxi used the deprecated tool: ifconfig (net-tools). Please note that so as to not break previous inxi installs, inxi still will use ifconfig if ip is missing, so you won't see any unexpected errors.
     * -I (out of X) or -Ix (in X) - view current runlevel: runlevel (sysvinit)
     * -o - for unmounted file system information in unmounted drives (root only default): file (file)
     Note: requires user action for this feature to run as user (edit /etc/sudoers file)

     For user level unmounted file system type output: sudo (sudo)
     * -s   For any sensors output, fan, temp, etc: sensors (lm-sensors)
     Note: requires setup of lm-sensors (sensors-detect and adding modules/modprobe/reboot,
     and ideally, pwmconfig) prior to full output being available. 

----
To go to wiki list try clicking
[http://code.google.com/p/inxi/w/list here]